# 1.3.1

- Quickly restore visibility of messages read by /queue-admin/get-dlq-messages

# 1.3.0

Adds configuration property `useWebToken` to provide support for AWS IRSA tokens (which replace AWS Queue access keys/secrets).

# 1.2.0

Various upgrades. Auto configure changed to use new Spring Boot 2.7 configuration - https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-2.7-Release-Notes#changes-to-auto-configuration

## Significant upgrades
- Kotlin [1.7.20 -> 1.7.22]
- Spring Boot [2.7.5 -> 2.7.6]

# 1.1.13

Various upgrades. Pinned Spring Security to handle multiple CVEs.

## Significant upgrades
- Kotlin [1.7.20 -> 1.7.20]
- Spring Boot [2.7.4 -> 2.7.5]
- Spring Security [5.7.3 -> 5.7.5] (pinned until included with Spring Boot)

# 1.1.12

Upgrades including suppressing OWASP failure on CVE-2022-42003

## Plugin upgrades
- Gradle wrapper -> 7.5.1
- io.spring.dependency-management -> 1.0.14.RELEASE
- org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint -> 11.0.0
- org.owasp.dependencycheck -> 7.2.1
- org.springframework.boot -> 2.7.4

## Dependency Upgrades
- com.amazonaws:aws-java-sdk-bom -> 1.12.316
- com.google.code.gson:gson -> 2.9.1
- com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-core -> 3.4.1
- org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter -> 5.9.1
- org.mockito:mockito-junit-jupiter -> 4.8.0
- org.mockito:mockito-inline -> 4.8.0

# 1.1.11

- Pin snakeyaml to v1.33 to handle several CVEs in previous versions

## Dependency Upgrades
- com.amazonaws:aws-java-sdk-bom -> 1.12.313
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies -> 2.7.4
- com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-core -> 3.4.1

# 1.1.10

- Make number of retries for Localstack DLQs configurable in new queue property `dlqMaxReceiveCount`

# 1.1.9

- Minimised number of retries when using localstack to allow DLQ testing

# 1.1.8

- Add a feature toggle to replace the Queue Admin endpoints with async versions

# 1.1.7

- Add asynchronous queue-admin endpoints.
- Update dependencies - Spring Boot to 2.7.2 and AWS Java SDK to 1.12.267 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.1.6

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.7.1 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.1.5

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.7.0 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.1.4

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.6.7 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.1.3

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.6.6 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.1.2

Include message attributes when retrying messages from the DLQ to the main queue.

# 1.1.1

Fix to gson parsing to prevent longs being rendered as floats.

# 1.1.0

Adding endpoint to allow retrieval of messages on a specified DLQ without removing them from the queue.
There is a limitation that this endpoint can only be called once every 30 seconds. The visibility of the read messages
is temporarily removed to prevent other consumers processing the message.

`/get-dlq-messages/{dlqName}`

# 1.0.6

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.6.3 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.0.4

Improvements to README
Updating dependencies to test app, mainly Spring Boot to 2.6.2 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.0.4

Improvements to README
Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.6.2 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.0.3

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 2.5.6 to resolve OWASP dependency check failures.

# 1.0.2

Make the HmppsQueueService functions open so that they can be mocked too

# 1.0.1

Make the HmppsQueueService open so that it can be easily mocked.

# 1.0.0

First major release of the library, no changes from 0.9.0.
