# 3.1.1

Remove code references to `reactiveApi` as it isn't used.  The library will automatically
determine whether to run in servlet or reactive mode based on the 
`@org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition.ConditionalOnWebApplication` annotation.

A new function has been added to the audit service that can be used instead to publish audit events.  It no longer
needs the service to be passed in, instead it will default to `spring.application.name`.

# 3.1

This release adds in audit specific functionality - if a queue is defined with an `id` of`audit` then it is considered
to be the HMPPS Audit queue.

Helper resource endpoints to manage the queue and dead letter queue are then only defined if at least
one non audit queue is found.

The resource endpoint to purge the queue has been changed to fail if an attempt is made to purge the audit queue.

An `HmppsAuditService` bean is created to send messages to the audit queue, if an audit queue is discovered.

# 3.0

## Breaking changes
As of release 3.0 we target Java 21 instead of Java 17.

The default for `hmpps.sqs.useWebToken` has been changed from `false` to `true` to reflect that nearly
all users are running in CloudPlatform AWS so will want this to be `true`.

## Significant upgrades
- org.springframework.boot:org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin [3.2.1 -> 3.2.2]
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [5.13.0 -> 5.15.1]

## Other upgrades
- com.github.ben-manes.versions:com.github.ben-manes.versions.gradle.plugin [0.50.0 -> 0.51.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-sns [3.0.2 -> 3.1.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-sqs [3.0.2 -> 3.1.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-starter [3.0.2 -> 3.1.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.22.13 -> 2.23.11]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sns [2.22.13 -> 2.23.11]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sts [2.22.13 -> 2.23.11]
- org.assertj:assertj-core [3.25.1 -> 3.25.2]
- org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint:org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint.gradle.plugin [12.0.3 -> 12.1.0]
- org.mockito:mockito-junit-jupiter [5.8.0 -> 5.10.0]
- org.testcontainers:localstack [1.19.3 -> 1.19.4]
