# 4.3.2

Updating dependencies, mainly Spring Boot to 3.3.3, Kotlin to 2.0.20 and HMPPS plugin to 6.0.4.

# 4.3.1

Updating dependencies, mainly Kotlin to 2.0.10 and HMPPS plugin to 6.0.3.

# 4.3.0

Add in distributed tracing for receiving of messages that are put onto queues rather than onto topics.
Like for topic messages, messages sent to a queue also benefit from an `eventType` message attribute being set,
otherwise the publish event will just have a name of `PUBLISH`.

Also set the `eventType` message attribute to `hmpps-audit-event` for the `HmppsAuditService` sending of audit events.
This means that dependencies will then have a span of `PUBLISH hmpps-audit-event` when they put a message on the
audit queue (instead of just `PUBLISH` at present).

# 4.2.0

FIFO (first in, first out) queues and topics can be created by adding the `.fifo` suffix to the queueName or arn.
FIFO allows you the option to configure message deduplication and guarantees ordering. There are performance tradeoffs.
[More information on FIFO here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-fifo-topics.html)

Upgrade to Spring Boot 3.3.2

## Other upgrades
 - uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [6.0.1 -> 6.0.2]
 - io.spring.dependency-management:io.spring.dependency-management.gradle.plugin [1.1.5 -> 1.1.6]
 - org.springdoc:springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui [2.5.0 -> 2.6.0]
 - org.assertj:assertj-core [3.26.0 -> 3.26.3]
 - org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter [5.10.2 -> 5.10.3]
 - org.mockito.kotlin:mockito-kotlin [5.3.1 -> 5.4.0]
 - org.testcontainers:localstack [1.19.8 -> 1.20.1]
 - org.wiremock:wiremock-standalone [3.7.0 -> 3.9.1]
 - com.amazonaws:aws-java-sdk-core [1.12.748 -> 1.12.767]

# 4.1.0

This release enables distributed tracing across message publishers and receivers by adding OpenTelemetry trace headers
to SQS message attributes. Message attributes with the names "traceparent" and/or "tracestate" will be added to your 
messages on publishing, and you will see a single end-to-end transaction linking your message publishers and receivers
in Azure Application Insights.

# 4.0.1
This release upgrades to Spring Boot 3.3.1

# 4.0
This release upgrades to Spring Boot 3.3 and kotlin 2.0

## Other upgrades
 - com.google.code.gson:gson [2.10.1 -> 2.11.0]
 - com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-core [3.5.1 -> 3.5.2]
 - io.spring.dependency-management:io.spring.dependency-management.gradle.plugin [1.1.4 -> 1.1.5]
 - software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.25.34 -> 2.25.60]
 - com.amazonaws:aws-java-sdk-core [1.12.704 -> 1.12.730]
 - org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-jdk8 [1.7.3 -> 1.8.1]
 - org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-reactor [1.7.3 -> 1.8.1]
 - org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-test [1.8.0 -> 1.8.1]
 - org.assertj:assertj-core [3.25.3 -> 3.26.0]
 - org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint:org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint.gradle.plugin [12.1.0 -> 12.1.1]
 - org.mockito:mockito-junit-jupiter [5.11.0 -> 5.12.0]
