# 5.4.6

## Dependency version updates:
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.5.0 -> 3.5.3]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-dependencies [3.3.1 -> 3.4.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.31.49 -> 2.31.68]
- com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-core [3.7.2 -> 3.7.3]

## Build version updates
- org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint [12.2.0 -> 12.3.0]
- org.springframework.boot [3.5.0 -> 3.5.3]
- com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-core [3.7.2 -> 3.7.3]
- org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter [5.12.2 -> 5.13.1]
- Gradle [8.14.1 -> 8.14.2]

# 5.4.5

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [8.1.0 -> 8.2.0]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.5 -> 3.5.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-dependencies [3.3.0 -> 3.3.1]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.31.29 -> 2.31.49]

# 5.4.4

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [8.0.0 -> 8.1.0]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.4 -> 3.4.5]

# 5.4.3
Removed AWS extended client functionality introduced in 5.4.1-beta and 5.4.0-beta.

# 5.4.2

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [7.1.4 -> 8.0.0]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.3 -> 3.4.4]

# 5.3.2

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [7.1.1 -> 7.1.3]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.2 -> 3.4.3]

# 5.3.1
This version upgrades netty to 4.1.118 for [CVE-2025-24970](http://web.nvd.nist.gov/view/vuln/detail?vulnId=CVE-2025-24970).

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [7.1.0 -> 7.1.1]

# 5.3.0

## Version updates:
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [6.1.2 -> 7.1.0]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.1 -> 3.4.2]
- com.github.ben-manes.versions:com.github.ben-manes.versions.gradle.plugin [0.51.0 -> 0.52.0]
- org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-stdlib [2.0.21 -> 2.1.10]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-dependencies [3.2.1 -> 3.3.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.29.43 -> 2.30.16]
- com.google.code.gson:gson [2.11.0 -> 2.12.1]

## Test version updates:
- org.assertj:assertj-core [3.27.0 -> 3.27.3]
- org.wiremock:wiremock-standalone [3.10.0 -> 3.11.0]
- org.mockito:mockito-junit-jupiter [5.14.2 -> 5.15.2]

# 5.2.2
Updating dependencies:

- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [6.1.0 -> 6.1.1]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.4.0 -> 3.4.1]
- io.spring.dependency-management:io.spring.dependency-management.gradle.plugin [1.1.6 -> 1.1.7]

# 5.2.1

We now allow the parameter messageGroupId in HmppsTopic.publish method. This is required when you want to publish a message on
a FIFO topic.

# 5.2.0

Updating dependencies:

- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [6.0.8 -> 6.1.0]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.3.5 -> 3.4.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.28.29 -> 2.29.20]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-sns [3.2.0 -> 3.2.1]
- com.amazonaws:aws-java-sdk-core [1.12.777 -> 1.12.778]
- com.microsoft.azure:applicationinsights-agent [3.6.1 -> 3.6.2]
- org.testcontainers:localstack [1.20.3 -> 1.20.4]

# 5.1.1

Allow Java applications to use distributed tracing. 

Previous versions would throw an exception when trying to initialise MessageAttributes when consuming each message, although message consumption works as expected.

# 5.1.0

We now set the status code to `ERROR` and record the exception in the span when a message is processed. This means that
the `AppRequest` will now be recorded with `Success` of `false` if the listener throws an exception. The exception will
then also be linked by `OperationId` and have an `OperationName` set correctly too.

The downside of this approach is that the exception is also thrown by
`io.awspring.cloud.sqs.listener.sink.AbstractMessageProcessingPipelineSink`, however since that exception processing
happens outside the span, the `OperationId` isn't recorded. Exception logging is quite expensive in Log Analytics,
since it contains a full stack trace. This means that it is important not to record the same exception twice, so we
now have to ensure that the one without the `OperationId` is discarded.

The recommended approach to discarding the exception outside our span is to add

```json
  {
  "sampling": {
    "overrides": [
      {
        "telemetryType": "exception",
        "attributes": [
          {
            "key": "exception.type",
            "value": "java.util.concurrent.CompletionException",
            "matchType": "strict"
          }
        ],
        "percentage": 10
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

to your `applicationinsights.json`. Note that we choose to sample at 10% rather than at 0, in case there are some
circumstances where the RECEIVE span isn't operational e.g. invalid message. We would only see 1 in 10 of those
messages, but that is better than not seeing any at all and sending lots of unnecessary logging to Log Analytics.

Script to add in the above sampling to existing application insights files:

```bash
for file in $(ls application*);do
  jq '.sampling.overrides += [{ telemetryType: "exception", attributes: [ { key: "exception.type", value: "java.util.concurrent.CompletionException", "matchType": "strict" } ], percentage: 10 }]' $file > bob
  mv bob $file
done
```

Note that `jq` doesn't come with an edit inplace option (`-i`) like `sed` or `yq` so have to output to temporary file
and then move it to the original.

As a side note - it is worth removing any `@WithSpan` annotations from your listeners otherwise you will be creating
extra `AppRequests` unnecessarily since this library will also start a new span for you.

# 5.0.2

Updating dependencies:

- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [6.0.6 -> 6.0.8]
- org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies [3.3.4 -> 3.3.5]
- org.jetbrains.kotlin:kotlin-stdlib [2.0.20 -> 2.0.21]
- org.wiremock:wiremock-standalone [3.9.1 -> 3.9.2]

# 5.0.1

Bug fix - ignore `null` MessageAttributes in the payload and attempt then to parse message attributes instead.

# 5.0.0

## Breaking change:

`HmppsQueueService.eventTypeMessageAttributesNoTracing` has been removed, in preference to an additional `noTracing`
boolean parameter on
`HmppsQueueServiceeventTypeMessageAttributes` that defaults to false.

## New event type map methods

Helper methods `HmppsQueueService.eventTypeSnsMap` and `HmppsQueueService.eventTypeSqsMap` to make it easier to add a
`eventType` message attribute.

