# 7.3.0

## Add in `hmpps.sqs.protectRetryAll` property
If this property is set, then the `/retry-all-dlqs` endpoint now will be protected. By default, it is not protected,
so existing behaviour is maintained.

# 7.2.0

Upgrade to spring-boot [4.0.4](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/releases/tag/v4.0.4)

## Upgrade to Kotlin 2.3.20

This includes an [upgrade to Kotlin 2.3.20](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/releases/tag/v2.3.20)

## Version upgrades
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [10.0.5 -> 10.1.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.42.11 -> 2.42.16]

# 7.1.0

## Changes to propagateTracing behaviour

Previously having this flag on would mean that the message interceptor is not added and new spans are not created.
Now turning on the flag will add in the message interceptor but exclude the `traceparent` and `tracestate` from
attribute propagation, so each new inbound message will get a new `OperationId`.

Note that the flag is currently only in use by Prisoner Search and HMPPS Prisoner From NOMIS Migration projects.

## Version upgrades
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [10.0.4 -> 10.0.5]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.41.34 -> 2.42.11]
- org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint:org.jlleitschuh.gradle.ktlint.gradle.plugin [14.0.1 -> 14.2.0]
- org.springdoc:springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui [3.0.1 -> 3.0.2]

# 7.0.1

## Upgrade to Spring Boot 4.0.3

Upgrade to spring-boot [4.0.3](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/releases/tag/v4.0.3)

## Upgrade to Kotlin 2.3.10

This includes an [upgrade to Kotlin 2.3.10](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/releases/tag/v2.3.10)

## Version upgrades

- org.springframework.boot:org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin [4.0.2 -> 4.0.3]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.41.20 -> 2.41.34]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sns [2.41.20 -> 2.41.34]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sts [2.41.20 -> 2.41.34]
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [10.0.3 -> 10.0.4]

# 7.0.0

## Change to the Application Insights spans:

1. The `AppRequests` messages now contain the queue name in the `Source` field.
2. The `AppDependencies` messages now contain the queue / topic name in the `Target` field and the `DependencyType` is
   set to `Queue Message | aws_sqs` when sending a SQS message or `Queue Message | aws.sns` when publishing to an SNS
   topic.

Note that the `AppDependencies` change is a breaking change as it changes two of the fields:

1. `Target` was previously set to the same as `Name`, so normally `PUBLISH <event type>`.
2. `DependencyType` was previously set to `InProc`, but now starts with `Queue Message`.

Any Log Analytics queries that previously relied on these fields will need to be updated.

## Switch from Jackson 2 to Jackson 3 for internally parsing messages

This will potentially causing parsing issues with duplicate attributes etc. Jackson 2 also defaulted numbers to be 0
even if the field was mandatory and not supplied, Jackson 3 is more strict and it causes a parsing error.

## Spring Cloud AWS SQS Listener changes

The `MessageInterceptor` now receives the message after it has been deserialized. This means that it no longer
necessarily receives a `String` and instead receives the same type as the `SQSListener`. If your `SQSListener` is
processing messages originating from SNS and you're not using a `String` type then you should switch to using the new
`SnsMessage` type. Alternatively if that is not possible then you should switch the `SQSListener` to receive a `String`
instead. The `InboundMessageListener` provides examples of the two possible options.

## Version upgrades

- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-sns [3.4.2 -> 4.0.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-sqs [3.4.2 -> 4.0.0]
- io.awspring.cloud:spring-cloud-aws-starter [3.4.2 -> 4.0.0]
- software.amazon.awssdk:bom [2.41.16 -> 2.41.20]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sns [2.41.16 -> 2.41.20]
- software.amazon.awssdk:sts [2.41.16 -> 2.41.20]
- uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot:uk.gov.justice.hmpps.gradle-spring-boot.gradle.plugin [10.0.2 -> 10.0.3]
